# FEClouds
FEClouds (standing for Finite Element Clouds) is a graduation work implemented within custom engine located at <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest">this repo</a> on <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest/tree/GasVolumes">GasVolumes branch</a>. <p>
Main class related to this work (responsible for clouds volume in engine, managing all shaders and containing most of the logic) is FEMGasVolume class located in <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest/blob/GasVolumes/Engine/BaseAssets/Components/Volumes/FEMGasVolume.cs">this file</a>.<p>
All compute and vertex/fragment shaders related to this work (and being used by aforementioned class) are located in <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest/tree/GasVolumes/SharpDXtest/Resources/BaseAssets/Shaders/Volumetric">this folder</a>.<p>
## Launching
To test this yourself - Visual Studio is required (as it will download required version of .NET, Windows SDK containing required DirectX SDK etc), clone the <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest/tree/GasVolumes">GasVolumes branch</a> to any local folder and open SharpDXtest.sln solution, then build and run the engine from within Visual Studio. <p>
Engine comes with test project located in <a href="https://github.com/Notrum666/SharpDXtest/tree/GasVolumes/TestProject">TestProject folder</a> within repo. To open it - after launching the engine, in project selection window click "Browse..." and navigate to TestProject.sharpdx file located within TestProject folder. After selecting it - open the project in project selection window via double-clicking it or clicking "Open" button. First launch can take some time as all shaders have to be compiled. <p>
## Controls
To move the camera around: hold RMB anywhere within viewport and use WASD to move around, Space/C to move up/down and Shift/Ctrl to speed up/slow down. <p>
To start/stop the game: click the start button at the top of the editor. <p>
To modify the clouds volume: select it (the object named "Volume") on the left in the Scene window. After selecting it - object's properties will appear on the right inside Inspector. Rendering of the volume, volume's octree or volume's tetrahedrons can be enabled or disabled by checking the corresponding checkboxes. Physical properties (affecting rendering) can be changed by modifying "absorptionCoef" and "scatteringCoef" fields.
